# 7 a) Why and when to use Kubernetes

## What is Kubernetes?

Kubernetes is a system for automating the deployment, scaling and management of containerized applications in a multi-host environment. It turns a pool of Docker hosts into a single virtual host. Kubernetes is commonly used with Docker although it can be used with other container systems. Kubernetes is used to orchestrate Docker containers and control them from command line collectively.

## When to use Kubernetes?

Kubernetes is often used when running containerized applications in the cloud. With Kubernetes, you can automate rollouts and rollbacks. When the application is running, Kubernetes can be used for load balancing between containers. It is also useful in managing resource requirements of the containers. 

For the above-mentioned reasons, Kubernetes is particularly useful when deploying to the cloud an application running in several containers, possibly on different cloud server instances. It is also useful in a cloud environment when you want to be able to automatically adjust your application and its resources to varying levels of traffic. As mentioned above, it can also make rolling out changes to the application much smoother by starting up new containers with the implemented changes, assigning resources to those containers and then killing the old containers. Kubernetes can also be used to monitor containers and replace crashed containers with new ones. 

All in all, Kubernetes and Docker are a great combination for deploying and managing containerized applications with a high level of automation. However, the learning curve with Kubernetes is quite steep. It may therefore be overkill for a system of just a few hosts.
